♪ Round up the Privates ♪
♪ And the Privates First Class ♪
♪ Call in the Corporals
And Sergeant YDG! Sergeant YDG ♪
♪ I've been
A foot soldier standing sentry ♪
♪ Yeah! I've served my country ♪
♪ My Pops was Korean War generation
And me the High Oil Price generation ♪
♪ The front was no joke
But draft dodgers aren't laughing ♪
♪ Day and night we ruck marched ♪
♪ Opening bags of ramen
Here! There! Everywhere! ♪
♪ Where're my empty cartridges ♪
♪ Rat-a-tat-tat
Shoot up those cartridges ♪
♪ One two three! Fill it up ♪
♪ My trusty belt! My bandolier! ♪
♪ Round up the Privates
And the Privates First Class ♪
♪ Stand tall and face your fears
Stand strong and resist temptation ♪
♪ That's life in the army! YDG style ♪
♪ We'll shake our booties
We'll make the best of it ♪
♪ Now my girl's gone and dumped me
And damn! Leave just got canceled ♪
♪ It's all right! I truly wish you well♪
♪ I'll shovel my way
back to civilian life ♪
♪ Where're my empty cartridges ♪
♪ Rat-a-tat-tat
Shoot up those cartridges ♪
♪ One two three! Fill it up ♪
♪ My trusty belt, my bandolier ♪♪
Ah!
What?
Nothing, it's just...
so sad.
Claire.
We both knew exactly what she was.
Yes, I know,
she was the bitchy side character.
Hm?
Sorry.
[clears throat]
-Go.
-Oh.
But, Seth, suicide?
[Claire] A character like Ga-in,
she would have killed Joon, not herself.
Plus, the exact same way Mr. Park died,
which was a murder.
This isn’t real life, this is a K-drama,
so whoever killed Mr. Park
killed Ga-in, right?
[Seth clears throat]
[Claire] Oh.
This isn't one of those dramas, Claire.
This isn't a mystery, it's romance.
It was supposed to be a romance.
You look really nice, by the way.
All like pressed and clean.
Very, like, manly.
That’s nice of you to say.
[Claire chuckles]
You look very nice yourself.
Well, it is a funeral.
We're sorry for your loss.
[male #1] Thank you for coming.
Now, this isn't real life,
this is a K-Drama,
so whoever did it to Mr. Park and Ga-in,
they'd be here for the memorial.
I mean, they have to be, right?
Extra, extra...
Seo-yeon, no. Mrs. Park... oh, maybe.
-Claire.
-What?
It's not that I don't appreciate
all your sleuthing here,
but I don’t think
this is the time and place.
I don't know what else to do!
- Your boyfriend's not here.
- Joon's not my boyfriend.
Don’t you think that that’s odd
he’s not here?
Don’t you think that that’s,
I don’t know, a little suspicious?
The fiancé of the deceased is the only
recurring character that’s missing?
Hmm...
I don't know.
Where the hell is he?
[chilling music]
Psst! Psst!
Keep this safe! All of North Korea's
atomic missile secrets are inside.
No, no! I can't deal with this right now.
I have my own problems.
[Claire] Hey!
Are you okay?
She and I
were never going to be best friends,
[Seo-yeon] but if I'd known
this was going to happen...
I would have been kinder to her.
I'm so sorry...
[sad music]
[Seth] Shh...
Don't cry, Seo-yeon.
I feel so sorry...
You have no reason to feel that way.
If anyone has a reason to feel guilty,
it's Park Joon for not being here.
Seth!
Not now.
Dad, I'm sorry I never got
a chance to say goodbye.
You, too, Ga-in.
I would have liked to cook for you.
KIMCHI FRIED RICE
Dad, remember how you used to cook for me?
Let's at least share
one last meal together.
- Seth.
- Hm?
I keep asking myself over and over,
who benefited from Mr. Park’s death?
Who benefits from Ga-in’s death?
And there’s only one answer.
What if I was all wrong
and Joon's the murderer?
Joon? The murderer?
Well, think about it.
His father wanted him
to inherit the company. Dead.
Ga-in was trying to force
him to marry her. Dead.
- But he’s the leading man.
- Who else could it possibly be?
Seth!
I don’t have time
for your revenge fantasies.
I’m just trying to save the world.
What about Chapter nine?
- You'll have to refresh my memory.
- Chapter nine! Justice!
In K-Drama, life is fair.
And if evil goes unconfronted
by the end of a series,
it will continue to affect other dramas,
either directly or indirectly.
Well, then, you had better confront him.
Hello, everyone.
My name is Seth, and I am the owner
of the soon-to-open restaurant,
Seth's Libertine.
I wanted to take a moment to thank you all
for coming here to honor our friend,
Ga-in.
I'd just like to say a few words
before we say good-bye forever.
Ga-in played an important
part in all of our lives.
We'll never know what she was thinking
in those last minutes.
The despair she must have felt...
to take her own life...
Let's choose to remember her
at her best, though.
As I'm sure Ga-in herself
would have wished of us.
Rest in peace, Ga-in.
And perhaps now...
we could hear from her fiancé?
Park Joon, are you here?
That son of a bitch.
Dad...
Ga-in...
I've been trying to remember
my happiest memories with each of you,
but no matter how much I try,
I seem to come up blank.
My only wish right now is...
I know it sounds crazy...
but I wish I was able to stop time.
Then I'd go back in time to those
happy moments and relive them with you.
But it's all over and done with.
No second chances.
Everything's gone.
All gone!
What the hell do you want?
Justice.
You know,
I’ve been trying to figure out
when things started going wrong,
and it seems to line up with the day
you appeared in my kitchen.
Nice try, Park Joon.
Don’t change the subject.
What?
Why did you do it, Joon?
What are you talking about?
I know.
I should have known this whole time.
I was just blinded by my feelings for you.
So blinded by your feelings
that you tried to burn down my restaurant.
No, no, no, you don’t get to sidestep
the issue here, mister.
What issue, Claire?
That you're a murderer!
You’re a murderer, Park Joon.
Are you on drugs?
The only drug that I’m on is the truth.
That doesn’t even make sense!
Yeah?
Well, neither does killing your father!
Or your fiancée!
And then you save my life
so I won’t be onto you, but I’m onto you!
I didn't kill anyone!
Then why weren't you at the memorial?
Because I broke it off with her!
Because I didn’t want to marry her.
And that’s why she killed herself.
Because of me!
B.S.!
And why would I kill my father?
I love my father.
So you wouldn’t have to take over
the company.
Oh, you mean the company
that I’ve taken over?
As opposed
to the restaurant that I’ve lost?
Well, then why would you save me?
You ruined it! This whole place is screwed
because you saved me.
You idiot! You big, stupid idiot.
Oh, I’m an idiot? I’m a big, stupid idiot?
- Yeah!
- Yeah?
Then what are you?
I'm... I'm a...
bigger, stupider
idiot!
So...
We're all set for the reopening, right?
Of course.
Seo-yeon.
Let's give it our all.
I really want this to work.
For us.
Can I take you home?
That's okay.
I've got a few things on my mind
and don't mind walking.
But thank you again for everything.
I'll see you.
Do you believe me now?
I thought
I had finally figured it all out.
Figured out what?
Chapter nine.
You are a strange woman.
You should dress up more often.
[sad music]
I feel like such a fraud.
She knew why I didn’t want to marry her.
Because she's the bitch?
Uh... no.
Because...
Joon, don't.
You can't. And you don't.
You don't even know me.
Exactly. You’re a mystery.
Every woman I’ve ever met,
I know what she’s thinking,
I know what she wants to hear,
but with you...
you’re different.
It’s like you’re an alien or something.
You need to shut up, Joon.
Even the way you say my name.
Even these last few days when I hated you.
And I hated you more than I’ve ever
hated anything--
Joon, stop.
Even when you accused me
of killing my own father.
And I don’t think
that would have been possible if I--
Please. Don't.
Look at me. No.
Why?
Joon...
Do you not feel the same way?
It isn't that.
Then why?
Give me one reason why.
Because if you didn’t kill your father
and Ga-in, someone else did.
And justice must be served.
What's that?
Um...
This is complicated.
And if I saw what you're about to see,
I’d probably lose my mind--
I...
You’ve been through a lot,
and I don’t know what else to do.
[Seth] Rule number four. And, and, and...
this is the most important of them all.
These characters cannot know
they’re in a drama.
Yeap! I know.
Who are you talking to?
Yeah, I know it's risky...
and the world could end,
or our faces could
spontaneously implode, or--
Park Joon!
Yeah?
I really hope this works.
[music from phone]
You’re... Park Joon.
-The famous Chef, right?
-What are you doing here?
[sad music]
[theme music]